Update docs for refactor branch (#44)
fosscord/fosscord-docs: docs/contributing/conduct.md

# Code of Conduct

By contributing to or interacting with Fosscord or Fosscord community spaces, you accept the code of conduct.

This code of conduct is based on the Artemis Lena Code of Conduct by FantasyCookie17. As it is licensed under CC0, it may be used by other communities in modified or unmodified form without permission from the author. Its purpose is to ensure a civilised, tolerant, compassionate, help, pluralistic, and peaceful style of communication.

Fosscord community spaces includes Fosscord github repositories and Fosscord development guilds (be it on Discord.com or Fosscord instances mananged by the Fosscord maintainers group).

> By contributing to any Fosscord projects (for example, through pull request) you guarantee that you have the rights to resign all rights to Fosscord under the AGPLV3 license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contributing to any Fosscord projects (for example, through pull request) you guarantee that you have the requisite rights to grant Fosscord a AGPLV3 licence. If your work is legally in the public domain (through a legally accepted waiver or a mandate (such as the national government works of United States, People's Republic of China and Israel), you **must** declare this.
```

### Desirable Behaviour

-   If possible, provide assistance with Fosscord projects to other users.
-   Be respectful toward other's opinions and viewpoints.

> -   Accepting responsibility and apoligising to those affected for our mistakes.

Author: sorry for being australian :sob:
